---
layout: post
title:  Basketball At Rim Park 2016/10/16
date:   2021-10-08 22:46:16 -0500
categories: announcement
---

# 时间: 
2021/10/16 9PM-11PM

# 费用：
总计 $145.63，共15人，每人$10, 请email transfer到 yixindong@gmail.com

# 注意事项

1. 请在当天把以下信息发送到 yixindong@gmail.com。**没有及时提供以下信息的人将无法入场。**
	- 姓名
	- 电话号码
	- 在 [https://covid-19.ontario.ca/screening/customer/](https://covid-19.ontario.ca/screening/customer/) 完成问卷并把PDF结果附送在email里
	- 请在email 标题里注明rim park以及你的名字和日期以便查找。比如 "Rim Park - Tim Shi - 2021/10/16"

2. 请带好2次疫苗的证明及photo ID(如驾照)。Rim park的工作人员会在入场前检查。你可以在[https://covid-19.ontario.ca/covid-19-vaccine-booking-support#proof-of-vaccination](https://covid-19.ontario.ca/covid-19-vaccine-booking-support#proof-of-vaccination) 下载你的疫苗证明。
3. Rim Park 要求在场馆内除球场外的其他地方必须佩戴口罩，请做好相应准备。
4. Rim Park 的更衣室，厕所和饮水机不对外开放，请做好相应准备。
5. 出入Rim Park请使用 E 出口(在体育场后面）。

# 附件 Rules of Use - Gym RIM Step 3

Gym rental participants are to enter through Entrance E.   Entry will be permitted 10 minutes in advance of rental time. Please come as prepared as possible.  Dressing rooms are not available at this time.


Screening will be required each and every time patrons enter the facility.


Only entrances/exits identified for use are permitted for such. Do not enter/exit any other exterior door/s. 


All rentals must submit a COVID Safety Plan or Return to Play Plan, which includes health screening and contact tracing protocols. These must be on file with the Facility Allocation and Bookings team with the City of Waterloo.


All participants, coaches, trainers and instructors must provide contact tracing and health screening information via their sport organization, or rental organizer. Parents/guardians and spectators must complete the City of Waterloo health screening assessment form either distributed in advance or available at the door.  All attendees must successfully pass the screening in order to be permitted entry into the facility.   


As per Ontario Regulation 645/21, all individuals who are entering indoor municipal recreation facilities will be required to provide proof of vaccination along with acceptable identification.   Individuals are expected to have these documents out and ready to present when entering a municipal recreation facility.  The individual seeking entry to the facility is solely responsible for demonstrating that they are the legitimate holder of the vaccination receipt, and that the information being provided is complete and accurate and relates to the patron. If they cannot demonstrate that, the individual will not be allowed to enter.   Exemptions to this are for individuals under 18 years’ old who are entering the facility to participate in a sport; children under 12 years old and individuals with a medical exemption with a medical note from a doctor or registered nurse. 


All participants are to be masked at all times with the exception of those participants on the playing surface, and players’ bench.    2m distancing applies to everyone in attendance except for the athletes while on the playing surface.


Areas where there is designated spectator seating, spectators must adhere to the maximum capacities as indicated on the posted signage. For any areas where there is no designated spectator seating, spectators must maintain 2m distancing from those outside of their households. All spectators are to wear masks at all times.   Capacity is set at 200 people or 50% of maximum space capacity, while maintaining 2m distancing, whichever is less.


Ensure all equipment is picked up in advance of the end of your rental period.


Rental participants and spectators must exit the facility immediately following their rental. There is no loitering within the facility. All attendees are to follow all facility floor marking and signage. 


Participants are encouraged to bring their own filled water bottles.


Groups must be adequately equipped with their own first aid supplies.  


No participant or parent/guardian shall spit, blow their nose freely or release any bodily fluid anywhere in the facility.


Please follow and adhere to all regulations as issued by the Canadian, Ontario, regional and municipal governments; including facility rules/protocols and any associated RTP (return to play) protocols as outlined in any applicable governing body documents.  Failure to comply with any of the regulations, rules and protocols may result in your future rentals being cancelled or you may lose the ability to book future rentals.


Customer Initials: _______________